c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\bin\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.exe
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\bin\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.deps.json
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\bin\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\bin\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.dll
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\bin\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.pdb
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\obj\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\obj\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\obj\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\obj\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\obj\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\obj\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.dll
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\slutprojekt prr01.dll
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\obj\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.pdb
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\obj\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\slutprojekt prr01.dll
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\bin\Debug\net8.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\obj\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\teodora.avramovic\Documents\slutprojekt prog\slutprojekt prr01\obj\Debug\net8.0\slutprojekt prr01.csproj.CopyComplete
